This project utilizes Covid-19 data to identify trend in the Covid-19 cases from () to ().



From World Health Organization - On 31 December 2019, WHO was alerted to several cases of pneumonia in Wuhan City, Hubei Province of China. The virus did not match any other known virus. This raised concern because when a virus is new, we do not know how it affects people. So daily level information on the affected people can give some interesting insights when it is made available to the broader data science community. Johns Hopkins University has made an excellent dashboard using the affected cases data. Data is extracted from the google sheets associated and made available here. Edited: Now data is available as csv files in the Johns Hopkins Github repository. Please refer to the github repository for the Terms of Use details. Uploading it here for using it in Kaggle kernels and getting insights from the broader DS community. Content 2019 Novel Coronavirus (2019-nCoV) is a virus (more specifically, a coronavirus) identified as the cause of an outbreak of respiratory illness first detected in Wuhan, China. Early on, many of the patients in the outbreak in Wuhan, China reportedly had some link to a large seafood and animal market, suggesting animal-to-person spread. However, a growing number of patients reportedly have not had exposure to animal markets, indicating person-to-person spread is occurring. At this time, it’s unclear how easily or sustainably this virus is spreading between people - CDC This dataset has daily level information on the number of affected cases, deaths and recovery from 2019 novel coronavirus. Please note that this is a time series data and so the number of cases on any given day is the cumulative number. Some insights could be: Changes in number of affected cases over time Change in cases over time at country level Latest number of affected case

